Create folder: npx create-react-app testimonials-managejp

This is what Our Students say About Us

Lana Crousse from Canada

Spotify Software engineer

"I've always found it difficult to learn JavaScript. I had taken many courses, but the JPTraining course was the one that stuck. Studying "Successful Habits" on JPTraining gives me the skills and confidence I need to achieve my dream job as a Software Engineer at Spotify."


Xiongmi Fa from China

Interior designer at Espacio Arquitectura

"JPTraining was the gateway to my career as interior designer. Their well-structures curriculum took my design knowledges up at notch, helping me increase my confidence and discipline to achieve a better place in the industry. That was all I needed to get my first job at an amazing company."


Roger Moore from Ireland

Football pleayer at Manchester City B

"It's scary to enter the field with so many people who expect you to give your best. Just I gained the confidence I need to trhough the football field and score goals by working on shoulder-to-shoulder technique and a few hours train with JPTraining. After a year I won my first Golden boot for being the goal champion of the second division at the English League." 


Pedro Galicia from Spain

Hostinger Software developer

"JPTraining and its strategic thinking technique were the gateaway to my career as a Software developer. The curriculum is amazing and took my programming knowledge to a level of high confidence and enthusiasm. I'm living my professional dream."


Eydís Stéfansson from Islandia

Professional Photographer

"I have been through a difficult problem in my life. Depressive and anxiety disorder took my entire life. I felt like my career, my love life, and my family were a disaster because of me, but therapy and the help of JPTraining gave me back that sense of grace, order, and self-realization that I needed to walk the right path and find myself. Today, I am a great photographer thanks to that."    